The research question is to test three new varieties of fish food on the fishes 
and measure if there is any improvement in their growth compared to the previously
used fish food. The experiment will be conducted over a period of six months. 
800 small fish are randomly selected using the same fishing gear. Placing the 
fish into the tanks will require sub-sampling. The larger specimens are removed
from the catch and are all measured and their weight averaged and recorded. 
The remainder of the catch is stirred with shovels to give a homogeneous
mixture of sizes. If the heap of remaining fishes looks homogeneous, the 
heap is divided into equal parts so that we have 20 fish placed in each of
the 40 equally-sized tanks. The experimental unit is the fish tank. Using the
available space in the laboratory, the fish tank design system is on a plastic 
shelf system lined with trays that hold the overflowing type fish tanks, the water 
movement is powered by submersible water pumps, it also has a fluidized bed sand
filter and an industry-standard particle filter. The temperature and humidity are
controlled and the fish have natural light Air exchange occurs in the reservoir 
and the trays, to maintain oxygen supply. Evaporation of the water supply will be
replenished by pouring a bucket of water from the dam into the reservoir (which
flows around the shelf system) once or twice a week. It is essential that the water
remain flowing to each tank or the fish will suffocate before the experiment is over,
so, this will be checked every day. In addition, the fish tanks are cleaned by snails.
The first ten tanks are the control treatment and are labelled by the name of the
previously used fish food and the remaining thirty tanks are labelled by the names 
of the new varieties of fish food. Using a random number generator in R, ranging
from the numbers 1- 4, the fish are randomly placed in each of the tanks.The
response is the increase in the weight of the fish which will be measured by their
body-length (length of the fish from its anterior extremity to the end of its tail
fin). The same weight of fish food is placed in each tank four times a day using 
the same apparatus at the same particular time of day each day. The growth of 
the fishes is checked at the same interval, eg once every 24 hours. The observational 
unit is the unit where the fish are sampled from each of the treatment tanks and 
are weighed. Their weight is recorded and comparisons are made with the control treament


made careless mistakes 
why
